TODONK

I downloaded a bunch of demon sounds

Save anything considered "artistic" for later unless it's specifically a coding thing like
+ The underlying code for flamethrower
+ Things on fire - causing things to catch on fire with your flamethrower
+ Things set on fire by enemies
+ NPC on fire (mercy shoot him?)
+ etc

next (Coding for, not focusing on the artisticness) :

A popup to show what you have picked up, like a gun, ammo
Exposition callouts
Inventory variables, and counting down your bullets, and picking up more bullets
Hits on player, "hearts", adding and taking away hit points


NPC's
NPC exposition (voice balloon? generic callout?)
NPC exposition audio?
Enemy sounds, growling, being shot
Sound you make when you are hit, die, get life
Audio for room1a, room2
Doomcock sequence
Grenade, like a bullet, bounces, skips, drops down, goes boom
X Different gun sounds based on room
X Different footstep sounds based on room
Ricochet when you don't hit enemy?

Enemy shooters




+ Lifting Wall (for like an elevator)

+ Lighting - light up when gun fired, make caves dark, flashlight, fire
	Lighting is hard :(
	
Need a different gun sound for inside the caves.

Walking with no gun at first,
then he walks holding his pistol straigt out in front,
but he can pivot and point backwards (think curly in tombstone, walking an pointing)

"It the future year of 1942.. Mining Engineer Dean Rawson & Co are drilling in the western desert for heat energy
near the abandoned ghost town of Rhyolite. A the depth of 10 miles they discover that they've drilled straight 
into hell"


(This is from the Big Show)

Short List

Pixel art of player for gun holding
Changing / Reloading guns
Picking up bullets
Having an Inventory (starting with guns, bullets)
Flamethrower gun - burn things (pBurnable)
NPCs with exposition
Mole men (red & yellow & boss) - art
Mole men AI
Ghost town
Mining operation
Volcano mountain
30's car
Opening crawl

Really Short List

Control must be within x pixels (so you can control something else, or access inventory later)
See if you can have 2 Bons after this ^
Lower the music volume and stop it after room ends
Change shooting sound
Add shooting impact
Make another bullet
so one is tiny (pistol) and the other is for flame
so eventually it will become a good flame thrower effect
and the impact starts a fire
Enemy pixel art mole man burning and collapsing? Or don't they burn
Pixel art for mole men. Step up the pixel art to be more hi res
Pixel art Bon is holding the pistol, pistol object is just a dot, or has his arm
Diffr left, right sprites holding pistol in right hand (so it's behind him when going left)
Sky and clouds? Like concept art?
Not wanting to get too too crazy, this is just practice you see
NPCs! Audio? From the audio book even?
(^ From the big show)





A train goes by in the background?

Transitions different
Walking man from Wild Wild West animation
Draw and shoot
Flame thrower animation and sound (particle system?)
Light things on fire (particle system?)
Melting rock (how?) (particle system?)
Inventory
Crouch to change guns, reload, pause game
Xbox controller play
Exposition call-out, show character, lines being spoken 
(you can also take this opportunity to briefly describe the character who is speaking for implicit exposition)
Rain would be cool (but for no reason - maybe at the end an in the title screen)

Include a summary of the book and links where people can get it.  Make this a mainstay of BR games.
Add that ^ to the main menu - link to BR website wiki (hey!)
