First Goal - Test Game
Simple Platformer - 2000 Miles Below
Surface play: Ghost town to desert (mining operation) to volcano
Sub-surface, go down the volcano shaft OR secret entrance in ghost town

New Rhyolite
Tonah Basin
Are they real places? no
30's Car
Shooter play down into the volcano
Lava pits and cliffs and things
Overlord DVD encounter
If you don't go down and go after them in the first place, they will start coming out and will eventually overwhelm you.
You eventually hit Phee-e-al (Boss) and fight him, but then the mole men who are left are unbeatable. Loah rescues you and you descend in the thing
You encounter the Holy Mountain, Old Rotan, Gor, stuff happens
Then you find the thing to the surface and go up with Loah and it ends somehow

So there's like 4 or 5 levels
1. New Rhyote
2. Tonah Basin
3. Zone of Fire
4. Loah's world
5. Get back to the surface before the water hits the Zone of Fire
(Avoid the steam and escape, meet up with the army, get a machine gun or grenades)


Phases and Game
Step up the resolution (64 pixels) and put a lot of effort into the player's animation
Walk, run, shoot, jump, step up/down, climb up/down, turn, shoot backwards, surprise,
The mole men would rather capture you than kill you, but they can still burn you up if to fight them
You can go down into the caves, but you don't get to Hell level until you are captured or maybe fall
So why not just let them capture you?
No, that doesn't work.
There has to be an alternative path to getting to Hell level that doesn't involve being captured
And a reason why that's better, maybe when you get captured you lose all of your inventory and it
takes a lot of effort to get it back so you can continue
So the "Cave" level is just dark an rocky and you can come back up, with natural sounds
The "Hell" level is firey, red with scary sounds
Ultimately you encounter Loah and you go Below
Opening Gorr scene and crawl
Use the Librivox book for soundbites
Hell level has patches of gold
Hell level has the bailer and you have to put your ring on it in order to get rescued in the end
You have to put your ring on it before it goes up
Below is brightly colored with crystals and the earth core sun in the "sky" and the ocean
Sea level is rising
You have to throw a bomb into sea to drain it before you can escape back up
Then you have to beat the steam
If you placed your ring on the bailer then the army is in the "Hell" level to rescue you and Loah
Then you finally make it out but you have to fight the boss Phee-e-ol to win
Power!