Words
Gwanga!
Gor
Dean Rawson
The Ehrmann Oscillator
Drill through hell
I'll certainly be heading in the right direction
Ten miles down!
"Five tons of steel beams," said Smithy softly, "gone—just like that! Just a hollow in the sand!"
Saints protect us all!
Superstitious old cuss, Riley!
Great Scott! what's that light?
Devils, straight out o' hell!... I saw 'em—I saw 'em plain!... I shot—as if hot lead could harm the imps of Satan....
for the love of hivin, Mister Rawson, do ye be quittin' drillin'. The place is damned. L'ave it, sir; go away...a
The fire! The fire of hell! He's turnin' it on me! God help....
Fire worshipers!
Phee-e-al!
Gevarro, the lake of fire which never dies
The Metal Shell
Holy Mountain
The zone of fire
old Rotan, oldest and grayest of the mountain's servants
Rah—Sun!


Ten miles down, drillers!
Hell-bound, and proud of it!
Ten miles down, drillers!
Hark to what I say:
You're pokin' through the crust of hell
And braggin' too damn loud of it,
For, when you get to hell, you'll find
The devil there to pay.


"Divils they are, but they're the kind of divils we know how to handle. And now I'll tell ye somethin' else, sir: I know where they are hidin'.

"There was no work for anyone last night, but I'm used to bein' up. I couldn't sleep. I was wanderin' around, thinkin' of nothin' at all out of the way, and I thought I saw some shadows, like it might be men, way off on the sand. Then later over to the old ghost town, d'ye mind! I saw a light, a queer, green sort of light. Sure, a fool I was callin' meself at the time, but now I believe it."
The dead face of Sheriff Downer was staring at him from red, eyeless sockets
get his hands on the gun, to die fighting—the thought was an unspoken prayer in his mind.
An angel, no less—down in this damned place!
He speaks with the tongue of the Mountain! He comes from the Land of the Sun, from Lah-o-tah, at the top of the world! And I, Gor, am permitted to hear his voice!
It's concave! It curves upward! I'm on the inside of the world! And that sun is the center! But what holds us here? What keeps us from falling?
And now to find Gor and Loah, and see what the devil all this is about—a talking mountain and a buried race that speaks first-rate American